DOCS-9425 added content for migrating client applications (#306)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/migrate-client-apps.adoc

You might have application client credentials residing outside of Anypoint Platform if you were previously using a different API management solution. You must first migrate those client applications to Anypoint Platform, with their client ID and client secret credentials, before you can start using the credentials in Anypoint Platform. 

Your client applications can consume APIs whose organization is associated to an Anypoint Platform client provider or an external client provider. The instructions for these two scenarios differ:

* <<migrate_with_internal,Migrate client applications for APIs with Anypoint Platform client providers>>
* <<migrate_with_external,Migrate client applications for APIs with external client providers>>

== Prerequisites

Before migrating the client application, ensure that you:

* Obtain the required token and credentials:
** Client ID and client secret for the client application to migrate
** Anypoint Platform https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/access-management-api/minor/1.0/pages/Authentication/[token]

> * Review the <<considerations,scope and limitations>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Review the <<considerations, scope, and limitations>>
```

Reviewer: ...but where are the considerations?

Author: Kim, this is the link. You can't see it in text.

[[considerations]]
== Scope and Limitations

Before you migrate your client applications to Anypoint Platform, review the following scope and limitations: 

* If the organization of the API that your application consumes has registered an external client provider (for example, PingFederate or Okta), review the section: <<external_client,Organizations with Registered External Client Providers>>.
* Do not attempt to update the client ID and client secret of your application.
+
This feature is not supported.
* Because client IDs are unique in Anypoint Platform, do not reuse the same client ID in two different accounts.
+
To avoid the duplication, specify unique client IDs for your accounts.
* Do not use the same user to create more than 500 applications.
* Do not create applications with duplicate names.

> *  Do not attempt to refresh the client ID unless you first delete and then re-register the client application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not attempt to refresh the client ID unless you first delete and then re-register the client application.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* If the client credentials you provide match the credentials of an existing organization ID on the client provider, the application is associated with that client.
+
Conversely, if the client credentials that you provide do not match, the client application is created with no association to existing clients.

[[migrate_with_internal]]
== Migrate Client Applications for APIs with Anypoint Platform Client Providers

To migrate your client application:

. Open a text editor and paste the following commands:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "clientId": <myClientId>,
    "clientSecret": <myClientSecret>,
    "grantTypes": [],
    "name": <myApplicationName>,
    "redirectUri": []
}'
----
. Replace the `orgId` parameter with the ID of your master organization and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>. 

> . Run this command at the Command prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run this command at the command prompt.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

If you use a PingFederate external client provider or the Anypoint Platform client provider, you can include the client ID and client secret when referencing an API. Otherwise, for providers like Okta or Keycloak, which are registered using OpenID Dynamic Client registration, you cannot define client ID and client secret credentials.

To migrate your client application:

. Open a text editor and paste the following commands:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications?apiInstanceId=:myApiInstanceId' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "clientId": <myIdpClientID>,
    "clientSecret": <myIdpClientSecret>,
    "grantTypes": [
        <grant type item, for example: client_credentials>
    ],
    "name": <myApplicationName>,
    "redirectUri": [
        "https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/apiplatform/:orgId/authentication/oauth2.html",
        "https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/apiplatform/:orgId/admin/authentication/oauth2.html",
        "https://api-notebook.anypoint.mulesoft.com/authenticate/oauth.html"
    ]
}'
----

> . In the command snippet, replace the `orgId` parameter with your organization Id, `apiInstanceId` with the API instance ID, and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the command snippet, replace the `orgId` parameter with your organization ID, `apiInstanceId` with the API instance ID, and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Run this command at the Command prompt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run this command at the command prompt.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[properties]]
== Migrate Command Properties Reference

In the properties of the migrate command, provide values based on the following recommendations:

> * `clientId`- <Your client ID>

Reviewer: NEVER use space-hyphen-space as a separator between a key and value; use a colon.
```suggestion
* `clientId`: <Your client ID>
```
ditto below

Author: Done! Thanks!

* Obtain the required token and credentials:
** Client ID and client secret for the client application to migrate
** Anypoint Platform https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/access-management-api/minor/1.0/pages/Authentication/[token]
* Review the <<considerations,scope and limitations>>

[[considerations]]
== Scope and Limitations

Before you migrate your client applications to Anypoint Platform, review the following scope and limitations: 

* If the organization of the API that your application consumes has registered an external client provider (for example, PingFederate or Okta), review the section: <<external_client,Organizations with Registered External Client Providers>>.
* Do not attempt to update the client ID and client secret of your application.
+
This feature is not supported.
* Because client IDs are unique in Anypoint Platform, do not reuse the same client ID in two different accounts.
+
To avoid the duplication, specify unique client IDs for your accounts.
* Do not use the same user to create more than 500 applications.
* Do not create applications with duplicate names.
+

> Even if the identity provider (IdP) stores each applications, including duplicate applications, with different client ID and client secret credentials, issues can occur.

Reviewer 2: Is this correctly writen? Also, it is not clear. Let's delete this line.
```suggestion
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[migrate_with_internal]]
== Migrate Client Applications for APIs with Anypoint Platform Client Providers

To migrate your client application:

. Open a text editor and paste the following commands:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "clientId": <myClientId>,
    "clientSecret": <myClientSecret>,
    "grantTypes": [],
    "name": <myApplicationName>,
    "redirectUri": []
}'
----
. Replace the `orgId` parameter with the ID of your master organization and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>. 
. Run this command at the Command prompt.

[[migrate_with_external]]
== Migrate Client Applications for APIs with External Client Providers

When creating an application for an organization with registered external client providers, you can directly associate the application with the API that you want to consume, using that API instance ID (available from the API Manager UI).

> If you use a PingFederate external client provider or the Anypoint Platform client provider, you can include the client ID and client secret when referencing an API. Otherwise, for providers like Okta or Keycloak, which are registered using OpenID Dynamic registration, you cannot define client ID and client secret credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use a PingFederate external client provider or the Anypoint Platform client provider, you can include the client ID and client secret when referencing an API. Otherwise, for providers like Okta or Keycloak, which are registered using OpenID Dynamic Client Registration, you cannot define client ID and client secret credentials.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

To migrate your client application:

. Open a text editor and paste the following commands:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications?apiInstanceId=:myApiInstanceId' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "clientId": <myIdpClientID>,
    "clientSecret": <myIdpClientSecret>,
    "grantTypes": [

>         "client_credentials"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <grant type item, for example "client_credentials">
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

= Migrate Client Applications
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: migrate client applications, migrate applications, migrate 

> You might have application client credentials residing outside of Anypoint Platform if you were previously using a different API management platform. You must first migrate those client applications to Anypoint Platform, with their client ID and client secret credentials, before you can start using Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might have application client credentials residing outside of Anypoint Platform if you were previously using a different API management solution. You must first migrate those client applications to Anypoint Platform, with their client ID and client secret credentials, before you can start using Anypoint Platform.
```
Small fix: is not necessary a platform. 

> before you can start using Anypoint Platform.

This part is not fully true. You can use many other things, but definitively not those credentials as part of anypoint platform.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Because client IDs are unique in Anypoint Platform, you cannot reuse the same client ID in two different accounts. To avoid the duplication, you must specify unique client IDs for your accounts. 

Reviewer 2: Again, I do recommend moving this to the limitations section.

Author: Done! Thanks!

Your client applications can consume APIs whose organization is registered with an Anypoint Platform client provider or an external client provider. The instructions for these two scenarios differ:

> * <<migrate_with_internal,Migrate client applications for APIs with Anypoint Platform client providers>>

Reviewer 2: It is not `WITH Anypoint Platform client provider` it is `associated to Anypoint Platform client provider`

Author: Done! Thanks!

* Review the <<considerations,scope and limitations>>

[[considerations]]
== Scope and Limitations

Before you migrate your client applications to Anypoint Platform, review the following scope and limitations: 

* If the organization of the API that your application consumes has registered an external client provider (for example, PingFederate or Okta), review the section: <<external_client,Organizations with Registered External Client Providers>>.
* Do not attempt to update the client ID and client secret of your application.
+
This feature is not supported.
* Do not use the same user to create more than 500 applications.
* Do not create applications with duplicate names.
+
Even if the identity provider (IdP) stores each applications, including duplicate applications, with different client ID and client secret credentials, issues can occur.
*  Do not attempt to refresh the client ID unless you first delete and then re-register the client application.
* If the client credentials you provide match the credentials of an existing organization ID on the client provider, the application is associated with that client.
+

> Conversely, if the client credentials that you provide do not match, the request is not associated with the client and fails.

Reviewer 2: It is not true that the request fails. If the credentials don't match, it will simply create a client application without associating it to existing clients.

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[migrate_with_internal]]
== Migrate Client Applications for APIs with Anypoint Platform Client Providers

To migrate your client application:

. Open a text editor and paste the following commands:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "clientId": ":myClientId",
    "clientSecret": ":myClientSecret",
    "grantTypes": [],
    "name": "My Application Name",
    "redirectUri": []
}'
----
. Replace the `orgId` parameter with the ID of your master organization and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>. 
. Run this command at the Command prompt.

//[[properties]]

> //Kim, please do not edit the commented parts.

Reviewer 2: Please remove al references to names and dead code

Author: Done! Thanks!

// You can include the client ID and client secret when referencing an API. However, this only works if you using a PingFederate external client provider or to the Anypoint Platform client provider

// When creating applications referencing APIs associated with a provider, such as Okta or Keycloak that are registered using OpenID Dynamic registration, you cannot define client ID and client secret credentials. This is because the OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration specification does not include client ID and client secret when creating a client.

To migrate your client application:

. Open a text editor and paste the following commands:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications?apiInstanceId=:myApiInstanceId' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{

>     "clientId": "myIdpClientID",

Reviewer 2: Check that the format is no the same as above where you placed `:myClientId`, etc

Author: Done! Thanks!

= Migrate Client Applications
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: migrate client applications, migrate applications, migrate 

> You might have client credentials of applications residing outside of Anypoint Platform if you were previously using a different API management. You must first migrate those client applications, with their client ID and client secret credentials, before you can start using Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might have application client credentials residing outside of Anypoint Platform if you were previously using a different API management platform. You must first migrate those client applications, with their client ID and client secret credentials, before you can start using Anypoint Platform.
```
Does "migrate" mean in or out?
If you mean both, clarify that the  "two scenarios" are one for migrating OUT of the external and the other for migrating IN to AP, if that is what you mean.

Author: Migrate in.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Because client IDs are unique in Anypoint Platform, you cannot reuse the same client ID in two different accounts. Your client applications can consume APIs whose organization is registered with a Anypoint Platform client provider or an external client provider. The instructions for these two scenarios differ:

Reviewer: The first sentence leads me to expect some sort of comment about how to avoid duplicating credentials during migration, but that comment does not exist. 
The second sentence does not build on the first; it repeats the opening paragraph above.
The third sentence refers to "instructions" for "two scenarios": instructions for doing what? which two scenarios?

Author: Done! Thanks!

* <<migrate_with_internal,Migrate client applications for APIs with Anypoint Platform client providers>>

> * <<migrate_with_external,Migrate client applications for APIs with external client Providers>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<migrate_with_external,Migrate client applications for APIs with external client providers>>
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Prerequisites

Before migrating the client application, ensure that you:

* Obtain the required token and credentials:
** Client ID and client secret for the client application to migrate
** Anypoint Platform https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/access-management-api/minor/1.0/pages/Authentication/[token]

> * Review the <<considerations,scope and limitations>> to understand the limitations and scope of the migration task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Review the <<considerations, scope, and limitations>> 
```

Reviewer: We list three prerequisites but include information in this topic about only one?

Author: Done! Thanks! "considerations" is the name of the tag. That won't appear in the link. The link will be "scope and limitations", which is also the name of the heading. Under that heading, we have both scope and limitations listed.

[[considerations]]
== Scope and Limitations

> Before you migrate your client applications to Anypoint Platform, review the following scope and limitations: 

Reviewer: This is the FIRST mention of migrating the app TO Anypoint Platform; all previous mentions are "migrate app" alone. 
If this is the one action going on here--TO AP--then clarify that earlier.
If there are two actions--TO AP or FROM external--then clarify that here.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * If the organization of the API you consume has registered an external client provider, for example, PingFederate or Okta, review the section: <<external_client,Organizations with Registered External Client Providers>>.

Reviewer: "you consume"? You mean "your application"?
```suggestion
* If the organization of the API your application consumes has registered an external client provider (for example, PingFederate or Okta), review the section <<external_client,Organizations with Registered External Client Providers>>.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Do not attempt to update the client ID and client secret of an application.

Reviewer: "your" application?

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
This feature is not supported.
* Do not use the same user to create more than 500 applications.
* Do not create applications with duplicate names.
+

> Even if the identity provider (IdP) stores the duplicate applications with different client ID and client secret credentials for the applications, issues can occur.

Reviewer: Is this saying that even if you DO create apps with the same name, and an IdP (automatically?) makes them unique, they are still considered to have the same name? Clarify.

Reviewer: Oops...sorry. Back to strict CE and not CU....

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Do not attempt to refresh the client ID.
> +
> Refreshing the client ID is not possible unless you delete and re-register the client application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do not attempt to refresh the client ID unless you first delete and then re-register the client application.
+
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * If the client credentials you provide match with the credentials of an existing organization ID on the client provider, the application gets associated with that client.
> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the client credentials you provide match the credentials of an existing organization ID on the client provider, the application is associated with that client.
+
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Conversely, If the client credentials that you provide do not match, the request does not get associated with the client and fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversely, if the client credentials that you provide do not match, the request is not associated with the client and fails.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[migrate_with_internal]]
== Migrate Client Applications for APIs with Anypoint Platform Client Providers

To migrate your client application:

> . Open a text editor and paste the following commands:

Reviewer: Alternative to having two separate steps and a Note and a final step that belongs HERE:
```suggestion
. Open a text editor and paste and run the following commands, replacing `orgId` with the ID of your master organization and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>:
```

Reviewer: Otherwise, use original but add "run"; the final step should not be running the command from the command line, because that is implicit in using a text editor and automatic after inputting the changes.
```suggestion
. Open a text editor and paste and run the following commands:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "clientId": ":myClientId",
    "clientSecret": ":myClientSecret",
    "grantTypes": [],
    "name": "My Application Name",
    "redirectUri": []
}'
----

> . In the command snippet, replace the `orgId` parameter with your organization Id and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>. 

Reviewer: See above suggestion.
Otherwise:
```suggestion
. Replace the `orgId` parameter with the ID of your master organization and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
[NOTE]

> You must use the organization ID of the master organization.

Reviewer: Move to the main body of the text to avoid any confusion.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Run this command at the Command prompt.

Reviewer: This is odd, to follow the command input with "run the command at the command prompt."

Author: The previous way it was written was correct. I ask the users to open a text pad, paste the commands, make changes, and then run the command at the command prompt.

//[[properties]]
//Kim, please do not edit the commented parts.
// == Properties Reference for the Migrate Task

// In the properties of the migrate command, provide values based on the following recommendations:

// * `clientId`: <Your client ID>
// * `clientSecret`: <Your client secret>
// * (optional)`description`: <Informative description for the applications>
// +
// This property is displayed on the application page. 
// * `grantTypes`: As no IDP is provided, leave an empty array 
// * `name`: <Name of the application to be created>
// +
// This property is displayed when selecting an application before requesting contracts.
// * `redirectUri`: <Array containing the redirect URIs for your application to use as an OAuth 2.0 client>
// * (optional) `url`: <URL of the client application>
// +

> // This property is displayed on the application page.

Reviewer: NOT EDITED

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[migrate_with_external]]
== Migrate Client Applications for APIs with External Client Providers

> When creating an application for an organization with registered external client providers, you can directly associate the application with the API that you want to consume. To reference an API, you must first retrieve the API instance ID, which is available from the API Manager UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating an application for an organization with registered external client providers, you can directly associate the application with the API that you want to consume, using that API instance ID (available from the API Manager UI).
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

You can include the client ID and client secret when referencing an API. However, this only works if you using a PingFederate external client provider or to the Anypoint Platform client provider

> When creating applications referencing APIs associated with a provider, such as Okta or Keycloak that are registered using OpenID Dynamic registration, you cannot define client ID and client secret credentials. This is because the OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration specification does not include client ID and client secret when creating a client.

Reviewer: If you use a PingFederate external client provider or the Anypoint Platform client provider, you can include the client ID and client secret when referencing an API. Otherwise, for providers like Okta or Keycloak, which are registered using OpenID Dynamic registration, you cannot define client ID and client secret credentials.

Author: Done! Thanks!

To migrate your client application:

> . Open a text editor and paste the following commands:

Reviewer: Ditto prev. comments re. typical wording: From a text editor, paste and run the following commands, replacing...:

Author: Leaving as is, as explained in the previous comment.

+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications?apiInstanceId=:myApiInstanceId' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "clientId": "myIdpClientID",
    "clientSecret": "myIdpClientSecret",
    "grantTypes": [
        "client_credentials"
    ],
    "name": "My Application Name",
    "redirectUri": [
        "https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/apiplatform/:orgId/authentication/oauth2.html",
        "https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/apiplatform/:orgId/admin/authentication/oauth2.html",
        "https://api-notebook.anypoint.mulesoft.com/authenticate/oauth.html"
    ]
}'
----
. In the command snippet, replace the `orgId` parameter with your organization Id, `apiInstanceId` with the API instance ID, and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>. 

> . Run this command at the Command prompt.

Reviewer: ditto prev.

Author: Leaving as is.

[[properties]]

> == Properties Reference for Migrating Applications

Reviewer: Why not...:
```suggestion
== Migrate Command Properties Reference
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> In the properties of the migrate command, provide values based on the following recommendations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the properties of the migrate command, provide the following values:
```

Author: the values may differ, these are just definitions and examples. so I'm keeping as is.

* `clientId`: <Your client ID>
* `clientSecret`: <Your client secret>
* (optional)`description`: <Informative description for the applications>
+
This property is displayed on the application page. 
* `name`: <Name of the application to be created>
+
This property is displayed when selecting an application before requesting access.
* `redirectUri`: <Array containing the redirect URIs for your application to use as an OAuth 2.0 client>
* (optional) `url`: <URL of the client application>
+
This property is displayed on the application page.

> * `grantTypes`: <Empty array for Anypoint Platform client provider or an array with possible values for external client providers: 

Reviewer: This is where the format you have chosen breaks down, because it uses TWO colons (and is missing >)
```suggestion
* `grantTypes`: <Empty array for Anypoint Platform client provider or an array with possible values for external client providers>: 
```

Reviewer: I suggest changing the format of this reference going forward, making all entries match this sample:
```suggestion
* `grantTypes`
+
<Empty array for Anypoint Platform client provider or an array with possible values for external client providers: 
** `Resource Owner Grant`: `password`
OR
** `Resource Owner Grant`
+
`password`
```

Author: Changed it to a dash.

> 

Reviewer: FIX appropriate coding for syntax values below:
`password`
`implicit`
etc.

Author: put it in double quotes

** `Resource Owner Grant`: ‘password’
** `Implicit Grant`: ‘implicit’
** `Client Credentials Grant`: ‘client_credentials’
** `Authorization Code`: ‘authorization_code’

> ** `Refresh Token`: ‘refresh_token’ (Authorization Code should be present to use this grant type)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `Refresh Token`: ‘refresh_token’ (Authorization Code should be present to use this grant type.)
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

= Migrate Client Applications
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: migrate client applications, migrate applications, migrate 

> You might have client credentials of applications residing outside of Anypoint Platform if you were previously using non-Mule applications to store these credentials. You must first migrate those client applications, with their client ID and client secret credentials, before you can start using Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 2: This is not correct. It is not that customers where `using non-Mule applications to store these credentials`, it is that they were using an different API Management solution

Author: Done! Thanks!

Client IDs are unique in Anypoint Platform. therefore, you cannot reuse the same client ID in two different accounts. If the client credentials you provide matches an existing client on the client provider, the application will get associated with that client.

> //Kim--should I keep this here or move this to scope and limitations

Reviewer 2: > If the client credentials you provide matches an existing client on the client provider, the application will get associated with that client. 

The matching is bounded to the organization id. If you have the conflict happens with different org ids, it will not get associated with the client, it will fail. 

> Kim--should I keep this here or move this to scope and limitations

This part should have the summary and why of the feature. Putting this here would be giving it too much importance to a small limitation.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Your client applications can consume APIs whose organization is registered with a native client provider or an external client provider. The instructions for these two scenarios differ:

Reviewer 2: Maybe Anypoint instead of native? It is the wording being suggested also by AM team.

Author: Done! Thanks!

* <<migrate_with_external,Migrate client applications for APIs with external client Providers>>

== Prerequisites

Before migrating the client application, ensure that you:

* Obtain the required token and credentials:
** Client ID and client secret for the client application to migrate
** Anypoint Platform https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/access-management-api/minor/1.0/pages/Authentication/[token]
* Review the <<considerations,scope and limitations>> to understand the limitations and scope of the migration task

[[considerations]]
== Scope and Limitations

Before you migrate your client applications to Anypoint Platform, review the following scope and limitations: 

* If the organization of the API you consume has registered an external client provider, for example, PingFederate or Okta, review the section: <<external_client,Organizations with Registered External Client Providers>>.
* Do not attempt to update the client ID and client secret of an application.
+
This feature is not supported.
* Do not use the same user to create more than 500 applications.
+

> The user will not be able to create applications with the same name even if the client applications in the identity provider (IdP) with the same name and different client ID and client secret.

Reviewer 2: This line doesn't seem to be clear

Author: Done! Thanks!

* Do not attempt to refresh the client ID.
+

> This feature is not unless you delete and re-register the client application.

Reviewer 2: ?

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[migrate_with_internal]]
== Migrate Client Applications for APIs with Native Client Providers

To migrate your client application:

. Open a text editor and paste the following commands:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{

>     "clientId": <":myClientId>",

Reviewer 2: We shouldn't have the < > here. Lets keep the same placeholder than line below.

Author: Done! Thanks!

    "clientSecret": ":myClientSecret",
    "grantTypes": [],
    "name": "My Application Name",
    "redirectUri": []
}'
----
. In the command snippet, replace the `orgId` parameter with your organization Id and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties,properties>>. 
+
[NOTE]
---

> You must use the organization ID of the master organization.

Reviewer 2: Note format is not correct?
<img width="1080" alt="Screen Shot 2020-11-16 at 1 32 12 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1414141/99280534-3513a600-2810-11eb-880a-b707b0fdebf4.png">

Author: Done! Thanks!

---
. Run this command at the Command prompt.

[[properties]]
== Properties Reference for the Migrate Task

In the properties of the migrate command, provide values based on the following recommendations:

* `clientId`: <Your client ID>
* `clientSecret`: <Your client secret>
* (optional)`description`: <Informative description for the applications>
+
This property is displayed on the application page. 
* `grantTypes`: As no IDP is provided, leave an empty array 
* `name`: <Name of the application to be created>
+

> This property is displayed when selecting an application before requesting contracts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This property is displayed when selecting an application before requesting access.
```
You request access. If it is approved, a contract is created.

Author: Done! Thanks!

* `redirectUri`: <Array containing the redirect URIs for your application to use as an OAuth 2.0 client>
* (optional) `url`: <URL of the client application>
+
This property is displayed on the application page.

[[migrate_with_external]]
== Migrate Client Applications for APIs with External Client Providers

When creating an application for an organization with registered external client providers, you must create the client application referencing the API that you want to consume. By doing so, you create the client application on the client provider to which the API is associated.

> When referencing an API that is associated to PingFederate external client provider or to the Anypoint Platform native client provider, you must include the client ID and client secret. 

Reviewer 2: This is not correct. You are not forced too. As the docs mentions: `Including the client id/secret will only work when the referenced API is associated to PingFederate external client provider OR to Anypoint as the client provider.`

Author: Done! Thanks!

> when creating applications referencing APIs associated with a provider like Okta or Keycloak, registered through OpenID Dynamic registration, you will not be able to define client ID and client secret credentials. This is because the OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration specification does not include the client ID and client secret when creating a client.

Reviewer 2: This three items should have bullets? In any case, I guess the `when` should be `When`, right?

Author: Done! Thanks!

To migrate your client application:

. Open a text editor and paste the following commands:
+
[source,text,linenums]
----
curl --location --request POST 'https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/api/v1/organizations/:orgId/applications?apiInstanceId=:myApiInstanceId' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <omitted>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "clientId": "myIdpClientID",
    "clientSecret": "myIdpClientSecret",
    "grantTypes": [
        "client_credentials"
    ],
    "name": "My Application Name",
    "redirectUri": [
        "https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/apiplatform/:orgId/authentication/oauth2.html",
        "https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/apiplatform/:orgId/admin/authentication/oauth2.html",
        "https://api-notebook.anypoint.mulesoft.com/authenticate/oauth.html"
    ]
}'
----
. In the command snippet, replace the `orgId` parameter with your organization Id, `apiInstanceId` with the API instance ID, and the content of the body with the appropriate application <<properties2,properties>>. 
. Run this command at the Command prompt.

[[properties2]]
== Properties Reference for Migrating Applications with External Provider

> //Tomas--can we have just one common section of properties for both migrate tasks--external provider and native provider

Reviewer 2: Maybe, but being extra clear that there are some properties that only work in of them

Author: Done! Thanks!

In the properties of the migrate command, provide values based on the following recommendations:

* `clientId`: <Your client ID>
* `clientSecret`: <Your client secret>
* (optional)`description`: <Informative description for the applications>
+
This property is displayed on the application page. 

> * `grantTypes`: As no IDP is provided, leave an empty array 

Reviewer 2: This is not correct for the case of these APIs
```suggestion
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* `name`: <Name of the application to be created>
+

> This property is displayed when selecting an application before requesting contracts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This property is displayed when selecting an application before requesting access.
```
You request access. If it is approved, a contract is created.

Author: Done! Thanks!

* `redirectUri`: <Array containing the redirect URIs for your application to use as an OAuth 2.0 client>
* (optional) `url`: <URL of the client application>
+
This property is displayed on the application page.

> //Tomas--in the eng doc, why are there two grant types added: one array we ask to leave empty and the other we ask to provide values. What does this mean?

Reviewer 2: It was an error of this section, you should keep the one with the values, not the one with empty array.

Author: Done! Thanks!
